- In order to make the most out of this course,
it would be really good if you're comfortable
with the Java programming language.
Our hands on experience on object orientation features,
exception handling, collections, multi-threading, etc.
will really be good to have.
It would be great if you're experienced
with the Servlet JSP API.
So, concepts like Servlet request,
Servlet response, sessions, thinkers, listeners,
Servlet config, Servlet context, Java Servlet pages,
Java Servlet pages stad leverly are nice to know.
If you would like a refresher on the Servlet JSP API,
then check out my link that goes
on the same topic right here.
It would be know if you would know Spring Core fundamentals.
For example, what are beans and spring?
How are they auto wired?
What as an annotation?
What is XML and what is Java configuration and spring?
And all those fundamentals will really help.
Next is Spring Boot.
In this course, we are going to build an application
on Spring NBC using Spring Boot.
Spring Boot is the de factor standard today in the industry
for developing foster and efficient
applications and services.
It will be nice if you have
some knowledge about it beforehand.
This course is going to interact with the database,
and for that, we have picked up Spring Java Assistance API.
How will we know this is an optional thing?
If you are comfortable with Java JSP API or
maybe some other free like hybernate,
you are free to choose that.
Basics of RESTful services will definitely
be nice to know because we are going to see how to
open restful in coins in Spring NBC.
Lastly, primary knowledge of HTML and CSS is good
because in our application we are going to
the double up GSP pages which will have a
HTML and CSS content that gets displayed in the browser.
If you would like to follow along with me for
the demo portions of this course, this is the list
of softwares that you need to install on your laptop
or your desktop or maybe on any environment
that you're working with.
First is, Java Development Kit, which is the Java language.
You can pick up any version starting One.Eight and higher.
The next two are Spring Framework Five.One
and Spring Boot Two.One.
You really don't have to install anything there,
this is just to give you an idea about
the versions used in the course.
These are the ones that we will inject anyway
when we get started with the development of our project.
Next is, we need an integrated development environment
to do all the coding at a common place.
We have picked up Intellij Community Edition.
And you can pick up the lastest version for it.
If you wish to work with Aclipsonic Beans,
feel free to do so.
This course is going to interact with a database
and I have chosen MySQL server.
You can pick up any other database server
of your choice.
We have a web application being developed as a part
of this course, which means we will need
to access that web app inside the browser.
For that, we require Google Chrome and we have picked
up the latest version.
You can work with any other browser of your choice.
Lastly, this course is going to look over
RESTful web services development.
In order to test them out, we need
the ultimate tool which is very popular
for the testing of REST services.